

Gerald Tate: I'm paying you millions. And you're telling me I'm gonna get screwed?
Harvey Specter: Jessica, have I come at a bad time?
Jessica Pearson: Gerald, this is Harvey Specter. He's our best closer.
Gerald: Well if you're the best closer, where the hell have you been the last three hours?
Harvey: Well, Gerald. I specialize in troubled situations and when I left here at 7pm, this deal wasn't in jeopardy so I'm just trying to figure out what happened in the interim.
Gerald: We keep offering money, they keep rejecting it. It's last-minute bad faith bullshit.
Harvey: Says here that Cooper won't be staying on as honorary vice-president.
Gerald: That's right, I don't want him around.
Harvey: He wouldn't be around. It's an honorary position.
Gerald: I don't give a shit.
Harvey: Well I think you do, because that's what's changed since I left, which means it's you who's been dealing in bad faith.
Gerald: Well now that you've got a grasp on what's happening in the goddamn interim, what are you gonna do about it? Because he's not getting that title.
Harvey: Well, let me make sure I understand this, okay? We negotiated a deal that gave you everything you wanted, Mr. Cooper signed it, and now you won't close until we take away the last shred of his dignity?
Gerald: Bingo.
Harvey: Well, that's not gonna happen.
Gerald: And why the hell not?
Harvey: Because I like Mr. Cooper and my firm doesn't operate in bad faith.
Gerald: Oh, I see how it is. Instead of working Cooper, you're working me. Well why don't you take your pansy attitude back in there and make him sign my deal? Or I'll pay someone else your money to do it for me.
Harvey: First of all, Gerald. If you think anyone's gonna touch this deal after your bad faith, you're mistaken. And second, the way our agreement works, is the minute Cooper signed the deal which gave you everything you wanted, our fee was due in payable which is why at 7:30, I received confirmation of a wire transfer from ESPRO indicating payment in full. So I'd say the ball's in your court but the truth is, your balls are in my fist. Now I apologize if that image is too pansy for you but I'm comfortable enough with my manhood to put it out there. Now get your ass in there and close the goddamn deal.
Gerald: You let him talk to me like this?
Jessica: Harvey speaks for the firm.

Jessica: (clears throat) We got paid before Gerald signed the deal?
Harvey: What are you talking about? This is a memo about some fire drill on Tuesday.
Jessica: Huh.
Harvey: You're the blue team captain, you get to wear a fire hat.

Trevor Evans: This is the best cheeseburger I've had in my life.
Mike Ross: That's from Monday, Trevor.

Mike: Trevor, a person is most likely to die while dealing with drugs than they would be on death row. In Texas.
Trevor: Wait, what are you talking about?
Mike: It's from Freakonomics. Do you read anything that I give you?

Trevor: What are you doing here? You said you're gonna stay at your place tonight.
Jenny Griffith: Hi sweetie. What a pleasant surprise. I'm so glad you stopped by.

Jessica: How did you know Gerald wouldn't look at that memo?
Harvey: Because a charging bull always looks at the red cape, not at the man with the sword.

Jessica: You are looking at the best closer this city has ever seen.
Lisa: Closer, huh? Baseball?
Harvey: Attorney. I close situations.
Lisa: Hm, so you only care about money.
Harvey: Truth is, I do it for the children.
Lisa: I'm Lisa.
Harvey: Harvey. Lisa, I don't normally do this. But since we are celebrating, what time do you get off tonight?
Lisa: Glad you asked. I get off at ten-past-I'm never-going-out-with-you.
Jessica: I guess uh, you're not the best closer this city has ever seen.

Mike: I hear someone's not taking their pills.
Grandma Ross: Because they're trying to poison me.
Mike: Grammy, that's crazy. Dr. Shrager gave me her word she wouldn't poison you until January. If she does it before then, she can't count it towards next year's quota.

Louis Litt: I'm not saying that I haven't been charmed by Harvey. But it's just so patronizing when you say that he can handle those things and "Louis, you can only handle this." Jessica, I could've handled Gerald Tate.
Jessica: And I told you, I disagree.
Louis: Why?
Harvey: Because when you put two bullies in the same room together, things generally don't go so well.
Louis: It's 9:30, nice of you to show up two hours after we open for business. And I see that you're also trying to look like a pimp.
Harvey: My bad, Louis. I was out late last night and when I woke up, this is the suit your wife picked out for me.
Louis: And that would be funny if I'd actually been married.
Jessica: Moving along—
Harvey: You're not married?
Jessica: —Recruiting. Harvey, your interviews are set up for tomorrow.
Harvey: What? Why don't we just hire the Harvard summer associate douche?
Jessica: I think if you listen to the phrasing of that question, you'll come up with an answer.
Harvey: We need people to think on their feet, not another clone with a rod up his ass.
Louis: Harvey, the fact that we only hire from Harvard gives us a cache that's a little more valuable than hiring a kid from Rutgers.
Jessica: You went to Harvard law!
Harvey: I'm an exception.
Jessica: Find me another one.
Harvey: Can we please skip the recruiting? I work better alone anyway.
Jessica: Well I would, Harvey. Except all senior partners get an associate. It's just a rule.
Louis: I'm sorry, what? Jessica, I deserve that promotion. My billables destroy his. And I'm here night and day doing whatever's needed instead of swanning in and out of here whenever I please.
Harvey: I must admit, he does make me sound very swan-like.
Jessica: Harvey, shut up. Louis, this is how it is. Right, now you two make nice.
Harvey: Louis, I apologize. I was out of line. Now if you'll just let me text your pretend wife that I just made senior partner, I—what?

Harvey: Donna, we're gonna need to streamline this. Give each guy a hard time before you send them back. Give me a wink if they say something clever. Cool?
Donna: Okay. What are you looking for?
Harvey: Another me.

Donna: So... Chip. What makes you think that I'm gonna let the whitest man that I have ever seen interview for our firm?
Interviewee: Um, because I have an appointment.

Donna: Kid, what is wrong with you? You look like you're eleven years old.
Interviewee: I was late to puberty.

Donna: Rick Sorkin. Rick Sorkin. Rick Sorkin? Excuse me, Mr. Sorkin. You are five minutes late. Is there a reason why I should let you in?
Mike: Look, I'm just trying to ditch the cops, okay? I don't really care if you let me in or not.
(Donna winks at Harvey)
Donna: Mr. Specter will be right with you.
Mike: What?

Mike: Hi. Uh, Rick Sorkin.
Harvey: Harvey Specter. Nice to meet you. Why don't you have a seat here—
(briefcase opens and drugs spills all over the floor)
Harvey: Whoa. What's this?

Harvey: How the hell did you know they were the police?
Mike: I read this novel in elementary school and it was the exact same thing.
Harvey: You read a novel. In elementary school.
Mike: What? I like to read.
Harvey: And why did you ask him what time it was?
Mike: To throw him off. What kind of drug dealer asks a cop what time it is when he's got a briefcase full of pot, right?
Harvey: We should hire you. Jesus, I'd give you the 25-grand as a signing bonus.
Mike: I'll take it.
Harvey: Unfortunately, we only hire from Harvard. And you not only did not go to Harvard law school, you haven't even gone to any law school.
Mike: What if I told you that I consume knowledge like no one you've ever met and I've actually passed the bar?
Harvey: I'd say you're full of crap.
Mike: That's a Barbri Legal Handbook right there, right? Open it up, read me something, anything.
Harvey: Civil liability associated with agency is based on several factors including—
Mike: —including the deviation of the agent from his path, the reasonable inference of agency on behalf of the plaintiff, and the nature of the damages themselves.
Harvey: How did you know that?
Mike: I learned it. When I studied. For the bar.
Harvey: Okay, hotshot. Fire up this laptop. I'm gonna show you what a Harvard attorney can do. Pick a topic.
Mike: Stock option backdating.
Harvey: Although backdating options is legal, violations arise related to disclosures under IRC Section 409A.
Mike: You forgot about Sarbanes-Oxley.
Harvey: The statute of limitations render Sarbanes-Oxley moot post-2007.
Mike: Well, not if you can find actions to cover up the violations as established in the Sixth Circuit May 2008.
Harvey: That's impressive but you're sitting at a computer.
Mike: Playing Hearts. Sorry, if you wanna beat me, you're gonna have to do it at something else.
Harvey: How can you know all that?
Mike: I told you, I like to read. And once I read something, I understand it. And once I understand it, I never forget it.
Harvey: Why take the bar?
Mike: This dickhead bet me I couldn't pass it without going to law school.
Harvey: Okay look, this is all pretty fascinating stuff but I'm afraid I gotta get back to work. I'll make sure that Serpico isn't around waiting for you.

Harvey: You want this job so much, why don't you just go to law school?
Mike: When I was in college, it was my dream to be a lawyer. I needed some money and Trevor convinced me to memorize this math test and sell it. Turns out we sold it to the dean's daughter. I lost my scholarship, I got kicked out of school, I... I got knocked into a different life and I have been wishing for a way back ever since.
Harvey: Let me tell you something. This isn't elementary school, this is hard work, long hours, high pressure. I need a grown goddamn man.
Mike: You give me this, and I will work as hard as it takes to school those Harvard douches and become the best lawyer you have ever seen.
Harvey: I'm inclined to give you a shot, but what if I decide to go another way?
Mike: I'd say that's fair. Sometimes I like to hang out with people who aren't that bright. You know, just to see how the other half lives.
Harvey: Move over. I'm emailing the firm I just found our next associate. Alright, you're gonna start a week from Monday. Here's what we're gonna do. First, no more pot, we drug test. Stop smoking now, you'll be fine. I assume that's all the drugs you do.
Mike: How do you know that?
Harvey: You read books, I read people. Potheads smoke pot, that's what they do.
Mike: That's not all I do, I have interests.
Harvey: You're Albert friggin' Einstein and you couldn't manage to get to law school, you think that's not from smoking weed?
Mike: Trevor got—
Harvey: That's another thing. You're never gonna talk to Trevor again. You're gonna ditch that briefcase, you're gonna get on a plane to Harvard and you're never gonna learn about everything there is about going to law school there. Did you buy that suit?
Mike: Yeah.
Harvey: Let's buy some new ones.

Mike: Hi, how do I sign-up for today's law school tour?
Woman: You go back in time six weeks because that's when it booked up.

Rachel Zane: Mike Ross? Hi, I'm Rachel Zane. I'll be giving you your orientation.
Mike: Wow, you're pretty.
Rachel: Good. You've hit on me. We can get it out of the way that I am not interested.
Mike: No, I'm sorry. I wasn't hitting on you.
Rachel: Trust me. I've given dozens of these and without fail, whatever new hotshot it is thinks that because I'm just a paralegal, that I will somehow be blown away by his dazzling degree. Let me assure you, I won't.
Mike: I was. I was hitting on you
Rachel: You were. Take notes, I'm not gonna repeat myself.
Mike: (whispers) I love you.

Harvey: Hey Becky, you are glowing! I wonder why that is... Oh yeah, it's the day they announce my promotion. Jimmy, have you lost weight? Steve-o, looking like a guy who came to work.

Harvey: Excuse me, why are you scratching the 'Senior' off my door?
Janitor: I got a work order to take it off.
Harvey: Who issued the work order?
Janitor: My supervisor.
Harvey: Why did he issue the work order?
Janitor: If I knew that, I'd be his supervisor.
Harvey: You seem to be enjoying yourself.
Janitor: I haven't enjoyed myself since 2004.
Harvey: Donna! Someone's trying to have a little fun with me here.

Rachel: I gave you that for reason, you haven't taken one note.
Mike: That's because—
Rachel: Because you were too busy ogling me to listen to a word I've said?
Mike: Partners' offices anchor the wings, fifth floor's research, sixth is security. All work is billed, even if it's finding an address. I answer to Harvey and Louis Litt. And judging by the way you responded to my questions, I should admire Harvey and I should fear Louis. You have been here for five years and just because I outrank you does not mean I have the authority to command your services. Oh, it's also pretty clear that you think you're too smart to be a paralegal.
Rachel: You know what nobody likes? Nobody likes a show-off.
Mike: You used the word ogling!

Jessica: Gerald Tate fired the firm.
Harvey: So you're taking my promotion away.
Jessica: You know, most firms would put you in front of the bar and have your license stripped. You lied to a client, and he figured it out.
Harvey: I lied to him to get him to do the right thing and honor his goddamn contract. And you didn't seem to mind so much when you thought I got away with it.
Jessica: But you didn't get away with it. And I can't justify handing you a promotion on the same day that you lose a huge client.
Harvey: One client doesn't make a firm!
Jessica: I don't know if you've noticed, but we're in the middle of an economic meltdown. Companies aren't exactly lining up to spend money on attorneys right now. And you know, Gerald might have forgiven the lying, had you not humiliated him. But you did, and you need to accept that.
Harvey: Jessica, if you hadn't done as much for me as you have, I'd be heading for the door.
Jessica: If I hadn't done as much for you as I have, I'd be throwing you out the window. But, Harvey, no more shenanigans. You do one more thing that isn't straight as an arrow, and instead of covering your ass, I will put you in front of the bar myself.

Mike: Hey, who's ready for a great first day?
Harvey: I'm gonna have to let you go.
Mike: What?
Harvey: I just got reamed for lying to a client and if they find out that I lied about you going to Harvard, they'll take away my license.
Donna: (via intercom) You what?!
Harvey: Not now, Donna! Look, I have to put my own interests above yours. It's nothing personal. You're fired.
Mike: Wait, so you're worried that if I stay, then they might find out that you lied about me and you'll lose your license. But if you fire me, then I could tell them that you lied about me and you'd definitely lose your license.
Harvey: Are you telling me that if I throw you under the bus, you're gonna drag me with you?
Mike: You put your interests above mine and I'm just putting mine back up next to yours.
Harvey: You're re-hired.

Harvey: Here's what's gonna happen. You're gonna give me back my promotion, and that's the last we're gonna talk about this.
Jessica: And why is that?
Harvey: Because if you don't, I'm gonna go across town and join Rick Peterson. I'm gonna approach every client I've ever closed and I'm gonna take them with me.
Jessica:You do that, and you'll force me to put you in front of the ethics board.
Harvey: I don't think you will.
Jessica: And why not?
Harvey: Because you were obligated to notify them the second I lied to Gerald, but you didn't. You put me in front of the board right now, I'll put you right up there with me.
Jessica: I'll... I'll give you your promotion. But you have to do something for me.
Harvey: Anything.
Jessica: Ah. Pro bono.
Harvey: Anything but that.
Jessica: Harvey, Pro bono cases are how we, as a firm, show that we care about more than just ourselves.
Harvey: I'm not saying we shouldn't do them. I'm saying I shouldn't do them.
Jessica: And it's how you can show me that you care about more than just yourself. You'll handle this yourself. You will not pass it off.
Harvey: Absolutely.

Harvey: Your first case.
Mike: Awesome. What is it?
Harvey: Pro bono. Sexual harassment. Don't tell anyone I laid it off on you and don't screw it up.
Mike: Got it. You can't handle it? I'll knock it out of the park.
Harvey: Easy, Clarence Thomas. Just go meet the client.

Harvey: Hey. Didn't I tell you to get some better suits?
Mike: I spent $500.
Harvey: For how many suits?
Mike: Five. What?

Nancy: Mike?
Mike: Yeah, hi.
Nancy: You're a kid.
Mike: No, I'm a—I'm a grown man.
Nancy: You're so skinny. Have a grape.

Harvey: Give me the update.
Mike: You know, she's a nice woman. She—
Harvey: On the case. I don't get emotionally attached to the client.
Mike: This woman had her life ripped apart. You don't even care?
Harvey: I'm not about caring. I'm about winning.
Mike: Why can't you be about both?
Harvey: I'd explain it to you, but then I'd have to care about you.

Harvey: What are you doing? Don't touch that.
Mike: I'm just checking my lock.
Harvey: You ride your bike to—It's locked, okay? Come on.

Mike: Defense sent over the investigation filesas a courtesy.
Harvey: No, they didn't. Nobody does anything as a courtesy. They sent those files because that's where they want you to look. Listen, being a lawyer's like being a doctor.
Mike: You mean how you don't get emotional about the client?
Harvey: No, I mean you keep pressing until it hurts. Then you know where to look.

Harvey: You know what, I'd subpoena the personnel records of every woman who's left the firm during this guy's tenure.
Mike: That's funny. That's exactly what I thought.
Harvey: Then what do you need my help for?
Mike: I don't know how to fill out a subpoena.
Harvey: Figure it out yourself.

Mike: Donna, can you show me how to fill out a subpoena?
Donna: Absolutely. And after that, you want me to show you how to wipe your ass?
Harvey: It's funny because you should already knowhow to do both those things.
Mike: Ha yeah, that's hilarious.

Mike: What does it matter how much money I spend on suits?
Harvey: People respond to how we're dressed so like it or not, this is what you have to do.
Mike: That's weird, you giving me advice. It sounds like you actually care about me.
Harvey: I don't. You're a reflection of me, and I absolutely care about me. So get your skinny tie out of my face and get to work.

Mike: Hey, can I ask you something? This tie, is it too skinny?
Rachel: Yeah.

Jessica: Harvey.
Harvey: Okay, I have two words for you: Absolutely beautiful.
Jessica: You think you're the only one who can charm a client?
Harvey: Categorically stunning.
Jessica: How's the new kid working out?
Harvey: Regally hot.
Jessica: You're an idiot.
Harvey: Jessica Pearson.
Jessica: Good night, Harvey.

Trevor: You won't return my phone calls.
Mike: Ah, yeah, because you set me up. Do you remember that?
Trevor: You think I knew about that?
Mike: Here we go. Round 50 of 'I get the shaft because you didn't know the whole story'
Trevor: You knew there were risks when you quoted that crap from that book. Okay, you needed money and I came through with an opportunity like always. Besides, you weren't the only one who got screwed. They pulled a gun on me.
Mike: Oh, really? And why did they do that?
Trevor: To keep me from warning you.
Mike: So you did know.
Trevor: Well, not until after it was too late.
Mike: Well it's too late now.
Trevor: Look, let me make it up to you.
Mike: Oh, you want to make it up to me? Give me my key back.
Trevor: Michael. Come on. You know I don't want to live in a worldwhere we're not tight.
Mike: Then kill yourself. Get out. Get the hell out.

Harvey: Donna, I need the— Oh, also I didn't have a chance to— Marry me?
Donna: I took care of that too. We've been married for the last seven years.
Harvey: Excellent.

Mike: Devlin McGreggor's fighting the subpoena. They filed a motion to dismiss the case based on our lack of evidence.
Harvey: Good.
Mike: Good. Wait, what do you mean good?
Harvey: Wait, what do you mean, good? They don't want to hand over the files. You pressed where it hurt. You're looking in the right place. Did you think they wouldn't fight back?
Mike: Well, I—now that you mention it.
Harvey: Oh, my bad. I keep forgetting you don't actually know anything. The idea is, you make a move, they make a move. You go back and forth until one of you wins.
Mike: Okay, what if they win the motion and the case gets dismissed?
Harvey: You're not as good as you think you are.

Mike: Rachel! Rachel, Rachel, Rachel. I need your help. There's a hearing on my subpoena.
Rachel: I've got three cases in front of you so you're gonna have to wait in line.
Mike: No. No, no, no. My hearing is tomorrow.
Rachel: So why are you coming to me?
Mike: Because Donna says you're the best researcher in the firm.
Rachel: Let me see the motion.
Mike: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You have an office? How do you have an office and I have a cubicle?
Rachel: Like you said, I'm the best researcher in the firm.
Mike: Really? I just made that up. I didn't even have time to talk to Donna.
Rachel: Is this all a joke to you? 'Cause I take my job seriously.
Mike: No, I'm sorry. Look, I was—look, you weren't there, okay. I care about this woman. She's got nowhere else to turn—
Rachel: —and you can't help her by yourself.
Mike: I can. I just prefer not to.

Vanessa: Harvey, I don't sleep around. And I could never be in a relationship with you. All you ever think about is yourself.
Harvey: I'm thinking about you and me right now.

Harvey: This is good. We're gonna have some fun.
Mike: We? I get to go?
Harvey: You didn't think I'd let you come along?
Mike: No.
Harvey: Good instinct. I wasn't, but then I thought it'd be cruel not to let you witness my greatness.
Mike: Okay, can I go get my bag?
Harvey: No.
Mike: You're a true giver.

Lawyer: Your honor, this case should be thrown out. Other than her story, the plaintiff doesn't have one piece of evidence.
Harvey: Because the evidence lies within their personnel files, which they're conveniently refusing to hand over.
Lawyer: Those files contain sensitive information. He's fishing at the expense of our employees' right to privacy.
Harvey: Please. They don't give a rat's ass about his employees' right to privacy. Sorry, that's actually unfair to rats' asses.
Lawyer: Your honor, Mr. Specter's claim that we don't care about our employees, though belittling doesn't carry any weight as a rule of law.
Harvey: True, but what does carry weight is that an investigation of sexual harassment must be conducted without any duress.
Judge: Your point?
Harvey: The investigator and every person being interviewed answers to the CEO they're investigating. That is the definition of duress. It'd be as if your bailiff accused you of sexual harassment and you assigned your stenographer to investigate. Now, how likely would it be that this investigation yielded any fruit?
Judge: You honestly think I would harass Herman?
Harvey: Well, I don't know, your honor. Some people have a thing for the uniform.
Judge: I'd like to think Herman would come to me before it even got to an investigation.
Harvey: But what if Herman did come to you, your honor? And you betrayed his trust by firing him under false pretenses?
Judge: You really think that little of me?
Harvey: I wouldn't trust you as far as I could throw you... Your honor.
Judge: Hand over the files. Today. Herman, I'd like to speak to you in chambers.

Mike: That was awesome.
Harvey: It was your argument. I just framed it in a way that humanized the situation and brightened all of our afternoons.
Mike: I feel like Michael Corleone in that scene where that fat guy teaches him how to shoot that gun.
Harvey: Are you saying that I'm the fat guy? 'Cause I'm not the fat guy.
Mike: Mm. You know what his name was?
Harvey: Yeah.
Mike: Cordoza.
Harvey: Clemenza.
Mike: I knew that. I was just testing to see if you knew it.
Harvey: I knew that you knew that I knew.

Mike: Listen, I couldn't have done it without you.
Rachel: You wouldn't even know where to look without me.
Mike: You know what nobody likes? Nobody likes a showoff.

Mike: I know where they don't want us to look.
Harvey: Did you get through all those files in one night?
Mike: I would have done it faster, but I ordered a pizza. Speaking of which, have you ever hadthe cheese in the crust? Because it blew my mind.
Harvey: What'd you find?
Mike: There was a dismissal on March 12th, 2005 but the file with the employee name on it is missing. It's our woman, I know it is. I'm moving to slap sanctionson their attorney, possible jail time. Guy's not gonna know what hit him.
Harvey: (on the phone) Dennis, it's Harvey Specter. Did you have anything to do with the March 12, 2005 files left out of discovery? If they're here by noon, I'll believe you. If not, we're filing for sanctions. (to Mike) Threat of sanctions is better than filing for sanctions.
Mike: That's what I meant. Threaten, not file. Who would mean that?
Harvey: Shave.

Harvey: What happened with the witness?
Mike: Uh, I failed... to not be awesome. I got her to testify! You should have seen me, I tried everything. He'd do it again, I'd be with her every step of the way, nothing worked. And then it hit me. I asked her, what if it was her daughter that he did this to. She melted. And you know how I came up with that little gem? I cared about her. Oh. Yeah. Thank you.
Harvey: I'm glad to see that staying up all night doesn't make you act like a complete idiot. Now go home and get some sleep. I don't want you waving that thing around during tomorrow's deposition.

Jessica: You made a promise to me. You broke it, and then you lied to my face. So let me be clear. This isn't professional, this is personal. And I'll tell you something else: You made your bed, you better goddamn win.

Harvey: Well, you go back to the witness' house and you get her to testify again.
Mike: I tried, there's no way
Harvey: There's always a way.
Mike: Then why don't you go and convince her?
Harvey: Because you screwed it up.
Mike: Oh, and you don't give a damn about the client, right.
Harvey: That's not my job.
Mike: Does your job include giving a damn about me? Because the least you could do is offer to stand up to Louis for me.
Harvey: Stand up for you? I put my ass on the line for you but it turns out you may have had the balls to get this job, but you don't have the courage to stick it out when it gets tough.
Mike: That's not true.
Harvey: Isn't it? You've had one foot out the door since you got here.
Mike: What are you talking about?
Harvey: I'm talking about that briefcase being locked in your desk. Yeah, I saw it and I know what it is. It's your backup plan in case this doesn't work out. You can make some quick cash and go right back to the life you told me you didn't want to lead. So if you want to quit, go ahead. But this isn't because of Louis, and it isn't because of me. It's because you're afraid you might have to admit that you're not as smart as you think you are. If you're here in the morning, I'll know I still have an associate.

Grandma Ross: You made me a promise before. You're in the door. Promise me now the only way you'll leave is if they rip you out.

Mike: I'm not giving this to you because you need it. I'm giving it to you because I don't. And I don't know if I'm ready to forgive you yet or not, but I do know we're even. Wait a second. (gets some suits and opens the briefcase)
Trevor: Don't.
Mike: Now we're even.

Harvey: I see you came to work today. Nice suit.
Mike: It was a barter transaction. I got six of them for one little briefcase. Listen... I'm sorry and—
Harvey: Forget it. When I first started, Jessica rode me so hard... I quit once a month. I just told you what you needed to hear.
Mike: That's just it. I've only ever had one person who told me what I needed to hear. Maybe it's time I started trusting somebody else.

Harvey: Merry Christmas.
Mike: Is this for real?
Harvey: You know what to do.
Mike: Press until it hurts.

Mike: Wire transfer from your account to Joanna Webster's, phone records with Joanna Webster prior to her testimony, and an affidavit stating you paid Ms. Webster to falsely testify. Mr. Hunt, harassment is a civil violation. The penalty is money. But witness tampering, that's a crime, and you will go to prison, where I guarantee you'll learn more about unwanted sexual advances than you can possibly imagine.
Charles Hunt: Do you think this is going to intimidate me? Even if this evidence was credible, who are you going to get to prosecute a small-time witness tampering charge, huh?
Mike: Harvey, didn't you graduate law schoolwith the current US attorney in New York?
Harvey: In fact, I did. And I think he might even be interested in pursuing a case like this.
Mike: Wait, are you two still close?
Harvey: Well, I was the best man at his wedding.
Mike: Wow.
Charles: No, you weren't. You're bluffing.
Harvey: No. I think I've got some pictures of us at the ceremony. Let's see. Yeah, here we are. You must admit, I look very dashing. This is me and his mother. The woman adored me. Here we are at his bachelor party. There's no strippers, he's lame. But he can't put guys like you away for sexual harassment and then go to strip clubs, now, can he?

Mike: So just one question, why'd you go to Joanna's house?
Harvey: Because I figured it out.
Mike: I object.I think you did it because you care.
Harvey: I did it because it's my job.
Mike: Would you admit it? You care about me. I saw you smile when I showed up for work this morning.
Harvey: I didn't smile. I was thinking of a funny joke. Look, we start on this tomorrow.
Mike: Does this mean we're officially a team now?
Harvey: I wouldn't move your things into Wayne manor just yet.
Mike: So now you're Batman?
Harvey: Closer to him than Clemenza.
Mike: Oh, yeah, Kilmer.
Harvey: Clooney.
Both: Keaton.

Mike: Did you really quit when you first started?
Harvey: Of course not. I'm not a wuss.


