
LiveJournal

    Find more
    Shop
    Help

    Login
    CREATE BLOG
    English (en)

suits_quotes

    Readability

    Twitter
    Updates
    Archive
    Members
    Profile

    layout
    banner
    sidebar

    episodes
    masterpost
    season 1

 
Previous | Share | Flag | Next
 
suitsquotes
suitsquotes
[suits_quotes]
04 December 2011 @ 05:27 pm
Season 1, Episode 2 "Errors and Omissions"  
A judge refuses to hear Harvey's cases and goes as far as to blackmail him because Harvey slept with his wife. Meanwhile, Louis convinces Mike to smoke pot and help him land a client in exchange for not firing Mike because he failed his drug test.


Harvey: You did let him win, right?
Mike: It wasn't easy, the guy has the coordination of a 2-year-old.
Harvey: I know, the last time these venture capitalists came in, I took him boxing to calm him down. I basically had to punch myself in the face to let him win.

Wyatt: The prototype! I can't find it. I don't know where I p—
Harvey: You mean this?
Wyatt: I don't know what I'd do without you.
Harvey: Fail miserably.
Wyatt: I would.

Wyatt: Wow. They're like storm troopers.
Harvey: Storm troopers don't write checks.

Harvey: Wait, wait. Where do you think you're going?
Mike: Into the room... with the people.
Harvey: Wrong, that's the adult table in there. And you haven't earned the privilege yet.
Mike: But I, I played air hockey with him—

Harvey: You need to go back to the office and file a patent for the phone.
Mike: A patent? I don't know how to file a patent.
Harvey: Figure it out.
Mike: Can't we do that after—
Harvey: No, and you keep talking, I'm gonna start billing you. And my time runs $1,000 an hour.
Mike: But isn't this our time, Mr. Hand?
Harvey: I stand corrected. Your Fast Times at Ridgemont High quote, that proves you belong at the adult table.
Mike: Hey, that's a great movie. And it spoke to a generation!

(Rachel shuts the door in Mike's face)
Mike: Did Harvey call you and tell you to do that?

Mike: It's okay, you don't have to apologize. I took care of it. Patent claim? I negotiated a deal to get it done.
Rachel: What are you talking about?
Mike: Gregory. He agreed to file it for me and all I have to do is proof his Bainbridge briefs.
Rachel: Ah. That explains why he said to give you this. And why he called you a sucker.
Mike: He called me a what now?
Rachel: Mike Ross, allow me to introduce the Bainbridge briefs.
Mike: Which stack?
Rachel: All of them.
Mike: Wait a minute, are these all—
Rachel: Still printing? Yeah. I'd give it about a half hour.
Mike: Um... that's six printers, 23 pages a minute, 30 minutes. That's 4,140 pages.
Rachel: Plus all this. Which means the next time you negotiate a deal, I would suggest to get your facts straight.
Mike: Uh... I am a sucker.
Rachel: Mm-hmm.
Mike: When did that happen?

Mike: Donna, blue is your color. Is Harvey back?
Donna: No.
Mike: Can I put this on his desk?
Donna: Yes.
Mike: Will you tell him I put it there hours ago?
Donna: What time you want me to say?
Mike: 11am?
Donna: Absolutely. And then maybe I can use my access to his bank accounts to buy myself a house in the Hamptons.
Mike: 12:15?
Donna: No.

Louis: You know that I pick a, pony out of the herd every year, don't you?
Mike: A pony?
Louis: Oh yeah. Someone who shows potential, stamp my own little brand on him. Are you that pony, Mike?
Mike: I... work for Harvey.
Louis: As you should.
Mike: Good.
Louis: Well, listen, I have some work to get to so maybe we can meet for lunch tomorrow at the club. Say, 1:00pm?
Mike: Uh you know, tomorrow—
Louis: I know I just posed that as a question, but I really didn't mean it that way.

Mike: Hey, Harvey. Did you tell him it was me?
Harvey: Why would I do that? I'm responsible for you. It was me.

Harvey: So it's Velocity Data Solutions. Did you serve them with notice of the hearing?
Mike: A billion dollar company.
Harvey: The bigger they are, the harder they fall.

Donald Pearl: Did you not see the sign outside?
Harvey: I'm just putting it away, your honor.
Donald: It should already be in your pocket. But you were already running late, so perhaps that's why it wasn't. Let the records show that the counsel is fined $1,000 for failing to follow the posted rules of the court.
Harvey: Your honor, I didn't mean—
Donald: And for mouthing off.
Harvey: Mouthing off?
Donald: Another outburst like that, and you will be escorted out.
Mike: Wow.

Mike: Hey, where are you going?
Harvey: To iron out a wrinkle.

Harvey: I'm sorry you felt humiliated but I told you, I don't sleep with married women.
Lauren Pearl: Right. The moral code.
Harvey: No. It's too big of a pain in the ass, as evidenced by my experience in court this morning.

Louis: So I treat my body like a temple. Does that make me uncool? I don't think so.

Mike: You smell papery.

Rachel: Mike, you need to tell him.
Mike: I don't know how often you come across Harvey, but he's not exactly the listening type.
Rachel: Right. But he's also the first person that would tell you never to take no for an answer from anyone.

Mike: Is he free?
Donna: Not for you.
Mike: (sighs) How much did he tell you?
Donna: He didn't have to tell me, I read it on his face. You hurt him.
Mike: Maybe he did the same to me.
Donna: Get in there. And be careful.

Mike: Harvey.
Harvey: We talked about this, right? Barging into my office.
Mike: I'm not leaving until you hear me out.
Harvey: Wanna bet?
Mike: You owe it to me.
Harvey: Oh, I owe it to you?
Mike: Yeah. Look, this is not my fault, all right? Louis made me do it.
Harvey: Louis did, right. He put a gun to your head and made you smoke pot.
Mike: Yeah, he did. He pulled out the drug test—which I failed, by the way—and then he told me that if I didn't smoke pot to help him land this new client, that he'd fire me.

Mike: Come on. It's not so different than asking someone out for drinks, is it?
Harvey: You and I had a deal.
Mike: I'm sorry.
Harvey: And if next time Louis asks you to do something that I told you not to do, what then?
Mike: I told you that I did not have a choice.
Harvey: Oh, because he had a gun to your head.
Mike: Yes!
What are your choices if someone puts a gun to your head?
Mike: What are you talking about? You do what they say or they shoot you.
Harvey: Wrong. You take the gun, or you pull out a bigger one, or you call their bluff. Or you do any one of 146 other things. If you can't think for yourself, maybe you aren't cut out for this.
Mike: No, I can and I am. Look, I did what I had to do. I made the best out of a bad situation. Which is what I am good at. Which is what you hired me to do in the first place.
Harvey: Yeah, I hired you and I expect your loyalty. So if Louis asks you to do something like that, you come to me first.
Mike: Oh, right. Like when I came to you and you told me that I couldn't sit at the adult table, right. I remember that. Or-or when you told me to go file the patent by myself, like that?
Harvey: Excuse me?
Mike: You know what? Maybe it's time you showed me some loyalty.
Harvey: Do you know how long it was before I got to sit at the adult table? It was when I brought in my first client, which I don't recall you having done. And when you screwed up that patent and Wyatt went ape-shit on me, I didn't put that on you, I took it on myself. Because that's my job. And it's your job to do what I say when I say it. So if you're talking about loyalty, you better goddamn earn it.
Mike: You're right. I said I'm sorry and I meant it. Harvey... I want you to tr—I need you to trust me, okay? And I will work as long as I can, as hard as it takes to make that happen. I mean, you don't even have to pay me, all right? I'll work for free.
Harvey: For free.
Mike: What, I meant—not forever. Just as, like, a probationary thing.

Harvey: Donna, tell Wyatt I'm on my way over.
Mike: Do you never have to press a button?

Wyatt: It's not fair.
Harvey: Fair or not, it's their final offer.
Wyatt: You think I should take it?
Harvey: I think you should tell them to shove it up their ass.

Harvey: Ladies and gentlemen, I'm terribly sorry, but we have a problem.
George: What problem? We came down here because you led us to believe that your client was ready to accept our settlement agreement.
Harvey: And I thought he would. Look, I took him the offer. I presented it to him, and recommended that he take it. In fact, I urged him to take it. You know what he told me to do? He told me to tell you to shove it up your ass.

Donald: You think you can get away with screwing my wife and then have me investigated?
Harvey: You actually have it the wrong way around. The only thing I've done so far, is have you investigated.
Donald: What?
Harvey: I never actually slept with Lauren but I knew you'd never believe me so I kept my mouth shut. But now that she's getting a divorce, my policy no longer applies. And of course, she's free to date whoever she pleases. And she pleases me. Enjoy your evening, Donald.

Harvey: When you're finished down here, I'd like you to come upstairs and start putting together a settlement memorandum.
Mike: They went for it?
Harvey: Thanks to your idea.
Mike: Well, I mean, it wasn't really my idea—
Harvey: They're settling for 400 million.
Mike: Okay, yeah, that was my idea. So does this mean I get to keep my job?
Harvey: I wanna talk to you about that.
Mike: Before you do, Harvey—
Harvey: Do we have to have a conversation about how you keep interrupting me?
Mike: Um...
Harvey: Look, sometimes when someone pulls a gun on you, instead of bullets it's filled with blanks.
Mike: What's this?
Harvey: It's a copy of your drug test results.
Mike: But this says I passed.
Harvey: You did.
Mike: Louis showed me a fake?
Harvey: I'm gonna go have a talk with him.
Mike: You know what, why don't you let me do it?
Harvey: You think you're ready for the adult table?
Mike: What, didn't you hear? I just landed my first client.
Harvey: Why do you think I'm showing you this now and not going straight to Louis?

Harvey: Go easy on him.
Mike: Nope.
Harvey: Good boy.

Mike: You lied. That other drug test you showed me was a fake.
Louis: How'd you figure that out?
Mike: Someone once told me I have an eye for detail when it comes to important paperwork.
Louis: Well, maybe you're not as good as you think you are or you would've caught it sooner.
Mike: Okay, so this was all some sort of test? You blackmail me, you jeopardize my job?
Louis: Mike, stop. Stop. We all came out ahead, didn't we? That new client's gonna bring us millions. Jessica knows your name now. It's a win-win.
Mike: You're right. She does know my name. Which is why she'll listen when I tell her exactly what happened.
Louis: Okay, but before you do that, it is... that time again, isn't it?
Mike: What time?
Louis: Pee in a cup time.
Mike: And now you know I'd fail.
Louis: Of course, you can run to mommy, tell her your story, and take your chances. Or you can take the test and trust that I'll keep it to myself as my way of thanking you.
Mike: (chuckles) Ah you know, I actually did some reading of the Pearson-Hardman drug policy as well. It turns out that you have to wait three months before you can request another drug test. See, it's a little detail that you might've missed. So, drink up. Oh, and I uh, spoke to Tom Keller. He says that he feels he'd be best served with a combination of me and Harvey. I think you'll get that call in the morning.
Tags: episodes, season 1
 
+
 
( + )
 
 
[]

